1. OVERVIEW OF C

Review questions : 

ex.(1.1) :  (a)true (b)true (c)false (d)true (e)false (f)false (g)true (h)false (i)false (j)true

ex.(1.2) :  (b)only one function may be named main ().

ex.(1.3) :  (a)use of comments reduces the speed of executation of the program.
	(b)comments serve as internal documentation for programmers.
	(d)in C, we can have comments inside comments.

ex.(1.4) :  (a)closing brace
	(b)main
	(c)math.h
	(d)\n

ex.(1.5) :  After removing the semicolon at the end of the printf statement in the prog. of figure (1.2). 
	program shows an error and can not execute. so there's nothing in output. 

ex.(1.6) :  After deleting line 5 in sample prog. 2 . program shows an error and can't exicute. error
	massage shows that the 'number' variable is undeclared so first use it in the function.it 
	error massage is very helpful for knowing that there is something wrong in program.

ex.(1.7) :  drive(D)/pps extra/program 3 of ex. (1.7).

ex.(1.8) :  in the program end of first comment line is missing and comment line in comment line is
	there in the program.

ex.(1.9) :  there must be a angle brace in header file.In the program paranthasis is used instead of
	angle brace.

ex.(1.10): C language is case sensitive language  so we can't use uppercase in header file or declaration
	statement of variable.

ex.(1.11):  #define is typically used to make source programs easy to change and easy to compile in different
	 execution environments. Directives in the source file tell the preprocessor to perform specific actions.
	
ex.(1.12): The #include preprocessor directive is used to paste code of given file into current file.If included file is 
	not found, compiler renders error. By the use of #include directive, we provide information to the
	preprocessor where to look for the header files.

ex.(1.13): The first void means that the main function returns no value. The second void in parenthesis (void) 
	means that the main function accepts no arguments. 

ex.(1.14): (a)main()-it means that main function will return an integer type of argument and empty parenthesis means 
	it will not receive any command line argument.
	void main(void) - it means main will not return any argument and also it will not receive any command line 
	argument. If you don't specify any return type before function name then by default it is considered to be of
 	type "int" and empty parenthesis or void in parenthesis means same thing, function is not going to receive anything.
	
	(b)The void main() indicates that the main() function will not return any value, but the int main() indicates that
	    the main() can return integer type data.

ex.(1.15): Commenting involves placing Human Readable Descriptions inside of computer programs detailing what the 
	Code is doing. Proper use of commenting can make code maintenance much easier, as well as helping make 
	finding bugs faster. Further, commenting is very important when writing functions that other people will use.

ex.(1.16): Look of your program' is very important because  as your program is going to be referred by many people. 
	When they read your program they should get clear idea what that program is written for and they should 
	not even need to read all the program.

ex.(1.17): Blank spaces are permitted in the print function in C programming language.

ex.(1.18): Structure of C program is given below:
	
	Documentation section
	Link section
	Definition section
	Global declaration section	main() Function section	{
		Declaration part
		Executable part
	}
	Subprogram section	Function 1
	Function 2
	     .......
	     .......             (User defined functions)
	Function n

ex.(1.19): c program on Linux or Unix OS.

	1. Write a Hello World C Program. Create the helloworld. c program using a Vim editor as shown below. ...
	2. Make sure C Compiler (gcc) is installed on your system. Make sure gcc is installed on your system as shown
	    below. ...
	3. Compile the helloworld. c Program. ...
	4. Execute the C Program (a. out)

ex.(1.20): To compile and link multiple source program files, we must append all the files names to the cc command.
		cc filename-1.c ... . filename-n.c
	These files will be seperately compiled into object files called
		filename-i.o
	and then linked to produce an executable program file a.out .


	

	
